# Click **Open** on the dialog shown by your browser  If you don’t see a dialog, click **Launch Meeting** below

## By joining a meeting, you agree to our [Terms of Service](https://zoom.us/en-us/terms) and [Privacy Statement](https://zoom.us/en-us/privacy)

Launch Meeting

* * *

### Don’t have the Zoom Workplace app installed? Download Now

### Having issues with the Zoom Workplace app? Please [update your client](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362233-Upgrade-update-to-the-latest-version) and try again

[iframe](https://us01ccistatic.zoom.us/us01cci/web-sdk/cross-storage.html)

### Cookie Preference Center

Cookies and other similar technologies (“Cookies”) are important to the proper functioning of a site and to provide visitors with a seamless and customized experience. Zoom uses Cookies to enable you to use our site. We also use cookies to enable you to personalize your use of our site, to provide you enhanced functionality and to continuously improve the performance of our site. If you have Targeting cookies enabled below and depending on your account type or login state, we may allow third-party advertisers to show you advertising relevant to you on our website or products, using their Cookies on our site.

You can accept or decline all but Strictly Necessary Cookies, or customize your cookie settings below. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Some Strictly Necessary Cookies may transfer personal data to the United States. To learn more about how Zoom processes personal data, please visit our [privacy statement](https://explore.zoom.us/en/privacy/).

For California Residents, you may exercise your right to “Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information” by toggling the button labeled “Targeting” below to off.



[More information](https://explore.zoom.us/en/cookie-policy/)

Accept All Cookies

### Manage Consent Preferences

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to track your usage of our website and, depending on their policies, may combine that information with other information to show you relevant advertisements on our site and other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not see personalized advertising on Zoom’s website or products.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and customization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are strictly necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.

Cookies Details‎

### Back ButtonPerformance Cookies

Vendor SearchSearch Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox labellabel

ApplyCancel

ConsentLeg.Interest

checkbox labellabel

checkbox labellabel

checkbox labellabel

- #### View Cookies












- Name



cookie name


Confirm My Choices

[Powered by OneTrust Opens in a new Tab](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Zoom uses cookies and similar technologies as strictly necessary to make our site work. We and our partners would also like to set additional cookies to analyze your use of our site, to personalize and enhance your visit to our site and to show you more relevant content and advertising. These will be set only if you accept.

You can always review and change your cookie preferences through our cookie settings page. For more information, please read our [Privacy Statement](https://explore.zoom.us/privacy).

Decline CookiesAccept Cookies

Cookies Settings